welcome to the electric violin diaries
and the very first episode of catch
Caitlyn
- Korra Malaysia has been a year since
you upload your first batch Kaylee and
let us knew you better thank you so much
for everything you've know and your
colors are really really and your
community also awesome race favorite one
is Benina
definitely
it's really learning I wanted to say
that you are an awesome incredible
No
you play do you can do everything with
your land your talent
well from Mexico canals very difficult
raising
as you know we are do come from Mexico
nope
- how are you - ruler and 20s language
in charge of making your videos my name
is Nelly I hope you enjoy the videos we
make for you it is special to preserve a
special class waiting for you to come to
our graduate of Mexico Chile and a
plateau or a places in Latin America for
waiting for you because the digital
stuff you are making Joe coming to a
country where mental makeup artists are
coming over waiting for you thank you
for your music a roadmap to charge you
like with us but not mentally to that so
there are special clothes thank Joan
aware because we I met especially my
favorite from Vanessa I enjoyed sit with
you tell me the tension to Ingram making
other facilities the spectacle
information debate with music magnetic
effects because you're always that you
have with biomass directed by Joseph
so yoga so follow with all the african-
play in the personality in the presence
of enjoy volumetric for the natural
smile for the breaking ranks of tension
of where every organ occurs also
congratulations Authority for everybody
to take care unusual level rose America
we're waiting for you
by Black Panther your activist things
and where was it for you
I think